(USAGI) Dearest Mamo... Seiya
and the others finally found
their princess!
She's beautiful and has very
gentle powers.
I want us to work together as a
team, but Haruka and Michiru say
we can't...
Oh Mamo... I really wish you
were here with me at times like
these...
Crusade for the Galaxy:
Legend of the Sailor Wars!
Princes Kakyu!
Princess. You're safe.
We can't even begin to tell you
how much we've longed to see you
again, Princess...
[gasp]
I am sorry for making you worry,
my Star Lights.
However... I had a very
important mission to fulfill.
Mission?
Chibi-Chibi...
Chibi?
Thank you very much.
And Sailor Moon... It is an
honor to meet you.
I've been observing you and your
friends for awhile now...
...from that incense burner.
[gasp]
Wait, you've been watching us?
Let me explain...
There is a holy war that has
been waging all throughout the
galaxy for ages.
It is known as the Sailor Wars.
Hold on... Sailor "what"?
Sailor Guardians are the
reincarnation of stars...
Since the dawn of the galaxy,
they fought in order to protect
the innocent...
... from those who dared to
threaten the peace.
And the fight continued until
Chaos, the source of all evil...
...was finally defeated and
sealed away by our greatest
champion...
...the legendary Sailor
Guardian.
[grunt]
However... now that much time
has passed, Chaos has found its
way back to this galaxy.
Chaos is back?
[maniacal laughter]
[gasp] Wait... you mean Galaxia?
Galaxia...
Her plan is to steal all of the
Star Seeds...
...so that she can throw the
entire galaxy into chaos once
again.
The whole galaxy...?
But, all is not lost...
What we need is the Light of
Hope. The Legendary Guardian's
power.
The Light... of Hope?
It is the reason why I came to
this planet in secret.
My goal was to seek its power.
We don't need help from
something like that!
[gasp]
Healer?!
As long as you're alive...
We can finally take back our
planet! It'd be easy!
She's right. Let's all return
home.
[conflicted sigh]
Princess!
Finding the Light of Hope is
necessary for us. If we don't,
we will never seal Chaos away.
[gasps]
So, I beg of you, Sailor
Moon...
Please... aid us in our quest.
Help me locate it. The Light of
Hope that will save us.
[sigh] [agreeing nod]
That request is a bit selfish,
don't you think?
[gasp]
Uranus! Neptune!
We sensed a powerful energy
here.
How shameless of you to ask for
our help.
Watch yourselves...!
How dare you two insult our
princess like that!
Stand down, now!
[gasp]
Princess... but why?
Sailor Moon...
[gasp]
I have faith in all of you.
(GALAXIA) Sailor Lead Crow's
light has gone out...
And the light of that who
opposes me continues to grow
stronger by the minute!
Why? Why are there so many
lights gathering on this remote
planet?!
I must hurry!
Master Galaxia!
[gasp]
Sailor Tin Nyanko!
What do you want?!
Eh...!
Oh... Uh... I came back to tell
you that I found a true Star
Seed f-finally...
What?
Uh... Well..
Crow and I were actually working
together to try to steal the
target's true Star Seed.
But then...
...the enemy put up a good
fight, which escalated things
and really surprised us...
And just as I was about to grab
it, I was thwarted by a strange
light...
I see...
But rest assured.
I, Sailor Tin Nyanko, will
gladly put my life on the line
to bring you the true Star Seed-
Go!
Yes!
Phew... How scary... So that's
what she really looks like...
And I'm in huge trouble for
witnessing it, aren't I?
Gotta get on her good side,
fast. Time to steal that girl's
Star Seed!
Too sweet...
Oh? Well, it shouldn't be. It's
barely sweetened.
I'm talking abut our princess.
When it comes to this whole
Light of Hope thing...
It's she who's gonna wind up
getting hurt.
Yes, you're right. The enemy
wants her Star Seed.
It's getting cold.
Shall I warm you up, then?
I'll take another cup of coffee.
But make it black this time.
As you wish.
This is Mamoru.
I'm currently studying abroad
and can't come to the phone.
If you'd like to reach me, call
my apartment overseas.
[sigh]
Mamo...
I wanna hear more of your
voice...
I wish I could talk to you...
This is Mamoru. I'm currently
studying abroad and can't come
to the phone.
Mamo!
If you'd like to reach me,
call my apartment...
Fighter.
Huh?
[chuckle] Yes?
Is that... the disguise you've
been using here?
Oh.. uh...
In order to find you amongst all
the women on this planet...
this was the most convenient
appearance for us.
Forgive me. Your music did reach
me, as did your message.
But I am afraid I just couldn't
risk exposing myself to Galaxia.
No, it's okay!
You've returned to us safe and
sound and that's all we care
about.
Fighter... May I please hear
your song? If you don't mind
that is.
♪♪ As each day turns to night, I
search for a shooting star♪♪
♪♪ And when I catch the light,
my heart knows what to do♪♪
♪♪ And so I make a wish to be
with you♪♪
♪♪ You're my eternal starlight♪♪
♪♪ Your scent remains, oh still
it lingers♪♪
♪♪ I will find you♪♪
♪♪ Hear my voice, the words I
sing to you♪♪
♪♪ I still love...♪♪
[gasps]
We're back.
Uh..!
So how is she?
she's asleep...
She must have been very
exhausted...
Can you blame her?
Up until now, the princess was
on her own out there.
Look after her.
Seiya?
Damn it, what the hell is wrong
with me?!
Hey, Usagi!
It's time to go to school now!
Quiet, Minako!
There are people still sleeping
you know?
I need to make sure she hears
me! [big inhale]
Hey, Usagi! Let's go!
What the heck?
You didn't have to go through
all the trouble of coming to
pick me up...
Yes, we did!
We can't take any chances while
the enemy's after your Star
Seed.
Yeah! You never know when
they're gonna strike next!
For example...
They might be disguised as a man
walking his dog!
Or maybe pretending to be a lady
who separates her trash before
taking it out!
In fact!
They might even be dressed as an
electrician, so they can spy on
you from above!
Minako... Now you're pushing it.
You're probably right?
Anyway, they know you have the
true Star Seed, so we can't take
any chances.
There's danger lurking around
every corner.
Those girls are pretty sharp.
Jeez...
See you guys when school's
done!
What's this stuff?
A baton, 'some pepper spray',
and a small good luck charm.
We want you to have these for
protection.
No one's gonna hurt you as long
as we're around Usagi!
Mmm...
Huh...
No! Please don't!
[big inhale]
Ehhh...!
[heavy breathing] You called?!
What the...?
Did you or not?!
Look... I appreciate the
concern...
...but isn't this a little bit
excessive?
You never really know what's
gonna happen, though!
♪♪ It's much better to be safe
than sorry! ♪♪
(USAGI) Yeah, but I feel like
I'm causing you guys a lot of
trouble...
It's fine, so don't worry about
it!
Minako's right. You can just
leave everything to us!
It's best for you not to be
alone while all of this is going
on, Usagi.
That's right! Because even as we
speak... the enemy could be
infiltrating our school!
[panicing]
They might be a lot closer than
we think!
Come to think of it...
it might be a good idea if we
stick together when it starts
getting dark, too.
Yeah! In fact, we should make it
a sleepover! Or what if we
quit school, and...
Usagi?
Do you guys... really doubt
me... that much?
Uh...!
Uh... it's not like that!
We're just worried about you is
all.
That's right! We've gotta keep
you safe, especially since
Mamoru's still gone!
[gasp]
[quivering breaths]
[gasps and sighs]
[sniffling] I'll be fine, guys.
Really.
I can do... this on my own.
Oh! Huh?
Where's Usagi?
Well...
I think we might've hurt her
feelings...
She asked to be left alone for
awhile...
Huh?! But... we have to protect
her!
Mamo... Why won't you
call me so I can hear your
voice?
I'm tired... of feeling alone...
Come back, Mamo!
You say that you can get by on
your own, but then you cry
about how you're feeling lonely?
[gasp]
Make up your mind already!
Who are you?
Meow!
[gasp]
Well, looks like we're finally
alone!
[quivering breath]
Well, guess it's time to say
goodbye to my life as Ko
Seiya...
It may have been short-lived...
but I had fun.
[gasp]
Oh, Seiya!
Hey...
Have you seen... Usagi?!
What?!
Jeez! Give up and hand over your
Star Seed!
[grunt]
Not this time...
Not without a fight!
Moon Eternal... Make up!
[grunt]
Nice pose!
All right then, let's see what
you've got!
[paniced breath] Find her?!
No, she's not in the building.
So now what?!
(AMI) Well, we haven't checked
the roof or gym yet.
You try the gym, I'll go to the
roof!
[gasp]
[grunt]
[angered breaths]
I can fight her on my own! I
have to!
[chuckle] Let's see how long you
can keep acting tough.
Take this! And this! And this!
And this!
Ahhh!
[hiss]
[gasp]
[gasps]
Is that... Tuxedo Mask?!
Don't you lay another finger on
her! If you do, you'll regret
it!
[gasp]
I'm so scared. Who the hell are
you?
Fighter Star Power...Make...up!
No way!
[gasp]
Star Serious... Laser!
Uh! Ah! [pained grunt]
Sailor Moon! Now's your chance!
[pained groan]
Don't just stand there! Hurry!
[gasps]
Hm!
Huh?
Silver Moon...
Uhhhh...!
Crystal Power Kiss!
[flinching]
Beauti--
[grunt]
[weakened grunt]
[quivering breaths]
Now that I think about it...
When it comes to doing my
best...
It's never really been something
I'm good at, you know?
Huh?
Even those times when I tell
myself that I'm going to finish
my homework...
I get lazy and just end up
snacking all day.
Then once I'm full, I get tired
and take a nap...
[gasp]
But I keep telling myself that I
need to get by on my own.
[crying]
But you threw that rose! And it
made me remember him!
Bun-head...
I can only hear his voice
on a recording, and he never
responded to my letters...
[sniffling] I tried to be
understanding and... said it was
fine.
[sniffling] But...
[sniffling] But... I can't do
it! I can't!
Bun-head!
[crying] I miss you, Mamo...
[crying] I'm alone without
you... Please, come back!
[crying]
[gasp]
You've still got me.
Huh?
Am I not good enough?
[gasp]
Usagi...
(SEIYA) We're having our final
concert today. That's where
we'll find the Light of Hope.
(USAGI) Look out! There's
something coming!
(SEIYA) Galaxia?! Don't you dare
touch our princess! I'll defeat
you even if it costs me my life!
(USAGI) Seiya, wait! We need to
fight together!
(SEIYA) [gasp] Princess!
(USAGI) Next time on Sailor
Stars, "Princess Kakyu Perishes:
Advent of Galaxia"
The moonlight is a messenger of
love.